Cleaning up readme and setup info (#1483)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: INSTALL.md

- Install into a newly created environment (recommended):

  ```bash
  conda config --add channels conda-forge

>   conda config --set channel_priority strict

Author: No, it doesn't work. it will installs package from default channel.  Year ago conda flow changed so now this actions are requeued.  This is process from conda-forge
https://conda-forge.org/

Alternatively users can use [Miniforge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/#download) instead of miniconda

- Install into a newly created environment (recommended):

  ```bash
  conda config --add channels intel
  conda config --set channel_priority strict
  conda create -n env python=3.10 scikit-learn-intelex
  ```

..note:  If you do not specify the version of Python, the latest one is downloaded. 

- Install into your current environment:

  ```bash
  conda config --add channels intel
  conda config --set channel_priority strict
  conda install scikit-learn-intelex
  ```

##### 📦 Supported configurations for Anaconda Cloud from Intel channel <!-- omit in toc -->

| OS / Python version | **Python 3.8** | **Python 3.9** | **Python 3.10** | **Python 3.11** |
| :------------------ | :------------: | :------------: |  :------------: |  :------------: |
| **Linux**           |   [CPU, GPU]   |   [CPU, GPU]   |   [CPU, GPU]    |   [CPU, GPU]    | 
| **Windows**         |   [CPU, GPU]   |   [CPU, GPU]   |   [CPU, GPU]    |   [CPU, GPU]    |

#### Install via Anaconda Cloud from Main channel

> NOTE: Anaconda Main channel is usually lag behind on versions deployed. You likely will not find latest version there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Anaconda Main channel usually lags behind on versions deployed. You likely will not find latest version there.
```

| :-----------------------| :------------: | :------------: | :------------:  | :------------:  |
| **Linux**               |     [CPU]      |     [CPU]      |     [CPU]       |     [CPU]       |
| **Windows**             |     [CPU]      |     [CPU]      |     [CPU]       |     [CPU]       |

## Build from sources
Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn is easily built from sources with the majority of the necessary prerequisites available on conda or pip. The instructions below detail how to gather the prerequisites and build and install the completed package. The package can be built for all three major platforms (Windows, Linux, macOS).

### Prerequisites
* Python version >= 3.8, <= 3.11

> * daal4py >= 2023.2.1

Reviewer: It's different version compared to requirement in `setup_sklearnex.py`
